Oh
what are you doing here tonight I have
come here to watch the women's football
no team has lost as many games offer own
in the FIFA Women's World Cup I love it
I know Julia never gonna we are not
losing roughly they do their best and I
am proud of them they can't will because
every level of football in Europe you
can't compare the level of football in
Africa one day by God's grace I believe
God for them they will win one day the
players are working on that and they
have the experience of being the best it
online titles on their continent and
they are the only African team that has
always qualified for the World Cup the
first World Cup that I made I think we
lost like the last one I think the same
like to zero I think this this could
have been D this would come free from a
giant evil I came to this work over
there mo breaking the Chiefs and I still
I'm still keeping my hope alive
this who found its way to the hands
heart they will be there to the lost
without my team whether we are winning
or losing we don't even take it so
serious in Nigeria you know how you know
there's a football game there's a party
in every corner and so there will be
another party next Tuesday after the
last match of the super partners in the
World Cup they stopped